[Music]
today we're going to make laksa soup
this is considered Malaysia's best-kept
secret and it's a soup that is both
creamy and spicy so let's get started
and review our ingredients first we have
4 cups of chicken stock 2 teaspoons of
extra virgin olive oil 3/4 of a pound of
chicken that has no bones no skins and
we trimmed it into strips one and a half
ounces of Thai red curry paste one cup
of coconut milk and as an option you can
do two kaffir lime leaves finely chopped
half a pound of brown rice vermicelli
noodles twelve shrimps that have been
peeled and cooked and then for our
garnish we're gonna do two green onions
sliced on the diagonal one cup of bean
sprouts two tablespoons of mint or you
could use coriander one lime sliced and
as another option you could use some
sambal chili paste so we've brought our
chicken stock to a boil
and we're going to add our raw chicken
to our saucepan here and cook it now
we're gonna add our Thai red curry paste
and cook it for about one minute
now we're going to add all of our
chicken stock to our saucepan as well as
our coconut milk and then we're going to
bring that to a boil and then reduce it
and let it simmer for about 10 minutes
now that our large pot of water is
boiling we're going to add our
vermicelli noodles
you can break them up slightly so they
fit into your pot and you're going to
cook them for 5 to 7 minutes so here we
have our laksa soup and we have
garnished it with bean sprouts green
onions and mint and we're just going to
squirt some fresh lime onto our soup and
it's ready to enjoy
[Music]
you